hey I'm Jade Seah and welcome to chic
peak DIY 90 we girls have a lot of stuff
meaning stuff like earrings but maybe
you've lost one side you know we have a
lot of bracelets with charms that some
may be broken so let's say one charm is
broken you think you can't use the
bracelet any more stuff like that so
today's DIY it's all about repurposing
your old bits and bobs so what you're
gonna want to have to get together all
your loose items so I hear a very pretty
button I kind of fell off a jacket one
side of an earring couple of pendens
stuff like that so look for items that
you like the look of and you know I
think this is really pretty what you
want to do is to just take out the charm
so most of them come attached by this
kind of a metal ring and it's usually
quite easy to take off I suggest using a
pair of pliers kind of helps the process
along ok so I have seven charms here and
I'm you just want to get one of these
binder rings which are basically like
keychains so this is a great way to
repurpose or keychains as well just take
the ring and get some string so here's
when you can kind of personalize it to
your taste if you want it to look very
dainty you can go with you know dinner
kind of fit and if you want to look
tougher you can go with things like
leather cord or you know sweet card so
thread it through like so and then take
your binder ring and just kind of tie it
at different lengths I like to tie
different lengths because it looks a lot
more interesting than everything hanging
off the same length so tie them and stag
at length you know some can be shorter
something longer you can also use
different colored string you know so
that more interesting like I you just
use the blue thread now I'm going to use
the maroon so that's two
okay and we're done so you end up with
something like this that you can kind of
put on your bag as a bag charm you can
use it as a keychain they also make
really good gifts so you can personalize
them I find it a nice way to do this are
to get alphabets you know they have
those alphabet necklaces or you go to
any charm bracelet store and buy an
alphabet of your friends names and it's
kind of a nice personal touch so just
have fun playing around with the
different elements you know the
different jobs you can play all
different materials like I said I've
gone with a really delicate kind of
threat here but you can go with leather
something if you want to toughen it up
so remember to subscribe to my channel
let me know what you think and also give
any special requests and drop them in
the comment box below you can also catch
me on Twitter on Instagram and on
facebook so then see y'all